misc unix tools (#18)
pulibrary/command_line_curriculum: sec5/bc.md

## bc: Calculator

The format for the `bc` command is:

```bash
bc [ file ]
```

> `bc` is an interactive calculator with unlimited precision arithmetic. It is one of the instructors favorite commands to "pass time with". For example one nice feature of `bc` is that you can set the parameter scale to indicate the desired precision. For example, if you set scale=100, all calculations will be carried out to 100 decimal places. It is one of the *to my knowledge* the only unix tool with a Hilary Mason maintained [twitter account](https://twitter.com/bc_l)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bc` is an interactive calculator with unlimited precision arithmetic. It is one of the instructor's favorite commands to "pass time with". For example one nice feature of `bc` is that you can set the parameter scale to indicate the desired precision. For example, if you set scale=100, all calculations will be carried out to 100 decimal places. It is one of the *to my knowledge* only unix tools with a Hilary Mason maintained [twitter account](https://twitter.com/bc_l)
```
